Here's the incomplete documentation for a function called abs.
Abs takes int, an integer parameter,
and returns the absolute value of that number.
Abs is just short for absolute,
and the absolute value of a number,
is just that number as a positive value.
So the absolute value of five would still be positive five,
and the absolute value of negative five would also be positive five.
So it just turns negative values positive.
Read through this incomplete doc,
and see if you can figure out the piece that's missing.
Then out of these three choices,
select the corresponding Java doc component that could complete this documentation.